cluster_process
===============

Cluster Process is a tool to model internet traffic based on research by Dr. Barbara Gonzalez.

Phone call traffic calls are generally of the same average length. Internet traffic generated by user requests
are significantly different, most sessions are really small, and some are really large. This behavior generates
long tailed distributions overall in internet traffic. Each session is a cluster, and the set of all clusters
is the traffic in a line on a give window of time.
This tool aims to synthetically generate similar behavior to that of internet traffic. This would help to create
a model that is closer to reality than what is used today.

Result.txt: This file contains the list of all the points in all the clusters in a sorted fashion.

Algo review: Initially, a number of clusters seed points is generated, and after each seed point is generated
             the actual cluster for that seep point is generated in a sorted fashion.
             Once all the cluster files have been generated, they are placed in a heap based out of the first
             element in each cluster.
             Finaly, the heap is processed by taking the top cluster file, taking its top value, advancing the
             iterator in the file, and then re-heaping. This is done until all the files have been exhausted.

Future enhancements:
- Provide configuration functionality. Initially via .ini files (boost::program_options provides this.)
- Generate log files, for debugging and stat purposes.
- Increment the type of distributions: Currently, only a normal distribution is used, but for the tool to be
  really useful, this need to be a configurable setting. Poisson and Pareto distributions are the first two
  that need to be implemented.
- Currently the distributions are being generated as integers, which works great for proof of concept of the
  algorithm. For research purposes, this needs to be done with "reals", which means moving away from using
  std::random directly, and doing some transforms on the integer distributions.
- Parallelize the cluster generation piece of the tool.

